windows exporter update to v0.30.6 (#3659)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.windows.md

You can use the following blocks with `prometheus.exporter.windows`:

> | Name                                           | Description                                      | Required |
> |------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|
> | [`dfsr`][dfsr]                                 | Configures the `dfsr` collector.                 | no       |
> | [`exchange`][exchange]                         | Configures the `exchange` collector.             | no       |
> | [`filetime`][filetime]                         | Configures the `filetime` collector.             | no       |
> | [`iis`][iis]                                   | Configures the `iis` collector.                  | no       |
> | [`logical_disk`][logical_disk]                 | Configures the `logical_disk` collector.         | no       |
> | [`mscluster`][mscluster]                       | Configures the `mscluster` collector.            | no       |
> | [`mssql`][mssql]                               | Configures the `mssql` collector.                | no       |
> | [`netframework`][netframework]                 | Configures the `netframework` collector.         | no       |
> | [`network`][network]                           | Configures the `network` collector.              | no       |
> | [`performancecounter`][performancecounter]     | Configures the `performancecounter` collector.   | no       |
> | [`physical_disk`][physical_disk]               | Configures the `physical_disk` collector.        | no       |
> | [`printer`][printer]                           | Configures the `printer` collector.              | no       |
> | [`process`][process]                           | Configures the `process` collector.              | no       |
> | [`scheduled_task`][scheduled_task]             | Configures the `scheduled_task` collector.       | no       |
> | [`service`][service]                           | Configures the `service` collector.              | no       |
> | [`smb_client`][smb_client]                     | Configures the `smb_client` collector.           | no       |
> | [`smb`][smb]                                   | Configures the `smb` collector.                  | no       |
> | [`smtp`][smtp]                                 | Configures the `smtp` collector.                 | no       |
> | [`text_file`][text_file]                       | Configures the `text_file` collector.            | no       |
> | [`tcp`][tcp]                                   | Configures the `tcp` collector.                  | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name                                       | Description                                    | Required |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`dfsr`][dfsr]                             | Configures the `dfsr` collector.               | no       |
| [`exchange`][exchange]                     | Configures the `exchange` collector.           | no       |
| [`filetime`][filetime]                     | Configures the `filetime` collector.           | no       |
| [`iis`][iis]                               | Configures the `iis` collector.                | no       |
| [`logical_disk`][logical_disk]             | Configures the `logical_disk` collector.       | no       |
| [`mscluster`][mscluster]                   | Configures the `mscluster` collector.          | no       |
| [`mssql`][mssql]                           | Configures the `mssql` collector.              | no       |
| [`netframework`][netframework]             | Configures the `netframework` collector.       | no       |
| [`network`][network]                       | Configures the `network` collector.            | no       |
| [`performancecounter`][performancecounter] | Configures the `performancecounter` collector. | no       |
| [`physical_disk`][physical_disk]           | Configures the `physical_disk` collector.      | no       |
| [`printer`][printer]                       | Configures the `printer` collector.            | no       |
| [`process`][process]                       | Configures the `process` collector.            | no       |
| [`scheduled_task`][scheduled_task]         | Configures the `scheduled_task` collector.     | no       |
| [`service`][service]                       | Configures the `service` collector.            | no       |
| [`smb_client`][smb_client]                 | Configures the `smb_client` collector.         | no       |
| [`smb`][smb]                               | Configures the `smb` collector.                | no       |
| [`smtp`][smtp]                             | Configures the `smtp` collector.               | no       |
| [`tcp`][tcp]                               | Configures the `tcp` collector.                | no       |
| [`text_file`][text_file]                   | Configures the `text_file` collector.          | no       |
```

Minor formatting and alphabetise.

User-supplied `exclude` and `include` strings are [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regular expression.

### `mscluster`

> | Name           | Type           | Description                                      | Default | Required |
> | -------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------- | -------- |
> | `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `["cluster","network","node","resource","resourcegroup"]`    | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name           | Type           | Description                  | Default                                                   | Required |
| -------------- | -------------- | ---------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `["cluster","network","node","resource","resourcegroup"]` | no       |
```

The collectors specified by `enabled_list` can include the following:

* `cluster`
* `network`
* `node`
* `resource`
* `resouregroup`

> For example, `enabled_list` may be set to `["cluster"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can set `enabled_list` to `["cluster"]`.
```

User-supplied `exclude` and `include` strings are [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regular expression.

### `netframework`

> | Name           | Type           | Description                                      | Default | Required |
> | -------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------- | -------- |
> | `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `["clrexceptions","clrinterop","clrjit","clrloading","clrlocksandthreads","clrmemory","clrremoting","clrsecurity"]`    | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name           | Type           | Description                  | Default                                                                                                             | Required |
| -------------- | -------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `["clrexceptions","clrinterop","clrjit","clrloading","clrlocksandthreads","clrmemory","clrremoting","clrsecurity"]` | no       |
```

The collectors specified by `enabled_list` can include the following:

* `clrexceptions`
* `clrinterop`
* `clrjit`
* `clrloading`
* `clrlocksandthreads`
* `clrmemory`
* `clrremoting`
* `clrsecurity`

> For example, `enabled_list` may be set to `["clrjit"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can set `enabled_list` to `["clrjit"]`.
```

> ### `performancecounter`
> | Name      | Type     | Description                                       | Default  | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `performancecounter`

| Name      | Type     | Description                                       | Default  | Required |
```

| --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- |
| `objects` | `string` | YAML string representing the counters to monitor. | `""`     | no       |

The `objects` field should contain a YAML file as a string that satisfies the schema shown in the exporter's [documentation] for the `performancecounter` collector.

> While there are ways to construct this directly in Alloy syntax using [raw {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} syntax strings][raw-strings] for example, the best way to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While there are ways to construct this directly in {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} syntax using [raw {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} syntax strings][raw-strings] for example, the best way to configure
```

### `process`

| Name                        | Type     | Description                                   | Default  | Required |
|-----------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `exclude`                   | `string` | Regular expression of processes to exclude.   | `"^$"`   | no       |
| `include`                   | `string` | Regular expression of processes to include.   | `"^.+$"` | no       |

> | `enable_iis_worker_process` | `string` | Enable IIS collectWorker process name queries | false    | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable_iis_worker_process` | `string` | Enable IIS collectWorker process name queries | `false`  | no       |
```

User-supplied `exclude` and `include` strings are [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regular expression.

### `tcp`

> | Name           | Type           | Description                                      | Default | Required |
> | -------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------- | -------- |
> | `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `["metrics","connections_state"]`    | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name           | Type           | Description                  | Default                           | Required |
| -------------- | -------------- | ---------------------------- | --------------------------------- | -------- |
| `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `["metrics","connections_state"]` | no       |
```

The collectors specified by `enabled_list` can include the following:

* `connections_state`
* `metrics`

> For example, `enabled_list` may be set to `["metrics"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can set `enabled_list` to `["metrics"]`.
```
